and how the results came out
we have found bacteria both from
Fecal origin of both oral origin
the people who work these
products do not wash their hands like that
simple chicha purple orange juice
It comes addicted to appease the heat and
in passing a potato with egg for
puff up your stomach
cocky or rather punish them
stop a second you really
he knows what he takes to his mouth when
I 'm not going to buy in street vendors
tell what I found
here
Friday 2 in the afternoon block 17 of the
avenue to huánuco in victory
We found this position authorized by
the municipality of the district in
appearance, the seller complies with the
health requirements that we think
daddy is with egg the specialty well
is that we sign one to carry and
we go and that does not have fat the
partial is fine
and we arrived at the block 11 July 28
also in the victory the chicha morada
sold well frozen is one of the
peruanísimas most sold drinks in
this time of year a glass to carry and
we follow the route until we reach the
block 11 of avenue isabel la
Catholic 'here we come by others
soft drinks in addition to the chicha also
has a great reception in the public the
passion fruit well frozen also our route
in the victory culminates in this position of
chifles in the josé gálvez avenue and
then in the block 7 of antonio vaso with
a bread and cheese sandwich from here in
room we're going east for a
emollient on the market exteriors
lobatón all ours as such and
we receive them we take them to a
laboratory to simple sight delicious and
Appetizing sodas and food but
we go that there is beyond the obvious
Monday 2 in the afternoon the results of
the analyzes are already on the table
the results poor fecal coliforms in
what we are all thinking is
clear they are of enteric origin of the tract
intestinal that people then in
places he will come from I do not know
then they did not give their hands
they carry between their hands the coliforms
fecal poop
clear or in Christian is that the
sodas and the egg with egg are
contaminated bacteria like
staphylococci that are transmitted from the
oral cavity towards the food as well as
Salmonella and fecal coliforms these two
last by the contact of the food with
some faecal residue how can they get
bacteria of tax types to these
drinks to those foods usually
by manipulation sometimes people
selling hands do not know their
organs to the short ones and that therefore
Pollutes also sell it in plastics
in a plastic bag with the
results we return to the posts
contaminated squares of 28 joules already
we have good results we are going to
give the news to the sellers where
go
I do not think
and we also returned to the passion fruit stand
and chicha morada good block 14 of
isabela catholic we are now in the
victory the chicha sell bottles
recycled soda this seller not
You can believe that your soda has
dangerous bacteria a test for
take care with a claw to determine
among the bacteria in which we have
found the tax-type bacterium and
I can tell you what we found
tasting
our nails are not shown
those rains because they are like this
and the others
if you work with food you can not
be so the sodas and food
They can be impeccable in their preparation
but they get contaminated by being manipulated
so we come to the junction of the avenues of
huánuco and sebastián canyon here
we found the seller with his hands on
the potato just with a bag is protected
one of your hands to find
bacteria
in which the potato with the egg
dad are they are all of the day is by the
manipulation for example here I see
is fighting but the other hand does not have
glove is that no no no no does not leave them
work mortgages that stick
but it's for hygiene
I'm watching here, do not show me your
hands your nails
those nails are dirty here they sell
chips with egg and they also give you
the yapa
and go that for Madrid or for pita
with eggs this eat very
commonly the young at the time of
who are hungry also has
enteric type bacteria
come this from chaco les and types
of the pathogens have
found poop
repeat somewhere in your hand or by
handling
suddenly the bathroom counts and it will not be the
asphalt
the year that for example what I want
and to wash your hands this soap
liquid they say they put on their mouths
also where is your mouth lid
but the saliva
usually it will cause diarrhea
whole diseases, hors d'oeuvres
severe pain in the abdomen and then it goes
to appear with diarrhea and it can be
diarrhea of 24 48 hours or diarrhea
profuse that can last 5 or 6 7 days and
there comes with high fevers the only
way to protect yourself from these foods
contaminated is to look at the position
who come also if the seller uses
gloves at least if you have nails
sated and especially if you use a
tapaboca gastronomy goes through a good
moment but urges that sellers like
they are trained and measured
hygienic to prepare and serve
food the culinary boom not only happens
for revolutionizing the kitchen but for
try to change the mentality of many
cooks